Add fyi for using patch-package on EAS (#156)
expo/fyi: eas-patch-package.md

# Using `patch-package` on EAS

> If you want to make changes to code inside a dependncy, [`patch-package`](https://github.com/ds300/patch-package) provides a convenient solution to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make changes to code inside a dependency, [`patch-package`](https://github.com/ds300/patch-package) provides a convenient solution to do that. It allows you to make changes directly to your **node_modules** directory, then generate a patch file that you can commit to source control and will be automatically re-applied to the package in **node_modules** when you run `npm install` (or `yarn`, etc.).
```
